Network: self-authenticate on startup (#1695)
nuts-foundation/nuts-node: docs/pages/integrating/faq-errors.rst

or when you (re)configure a bootstrap node which belongs to a different network.
The first situation (you created transactions before connecting to a network) is fixed by removing your node's data directory,
and following the :ref:`getting started documentation<configure-node>`.
The second situation is fixed by configuring the correct bootstrap node.

Error: `invalid nodeDID configuration`
*******************************************

When starting your node, the following error can occur:

    invalid nodeDID configuration: <error details>

> Correctly configured nodes have a ``NutsComm`` service endpoint on the did document of the configured ``network.nodeDID``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly configured nodes have a ``NutsComm`` service endpoint on the DID document of the configured ``network.nodeDID``,
```

and this address must be listed in the Subject Alternative Name section of the configured ``TLS certificate``.
A misconfiguration in any of these three items means that peers cannot authenticate the connection to your node,

> and in strictmode this will prevent the node from starting. The <error details> will point you to the exact issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and in strictmode this will prevent the node from starting. The ``<error details>`` will point you to the exact issue.
```

> Remove the nodeDID from the configuration in strictmode to view or change the ``NutsComm`` address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When in strict mode, remove the nodeDID from the configuration to view or change the ``NutsComm`` address.
```

> In non-strictmode, the misconfiguration is logged as an error, but is not fatal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In non-strictmode, the misconfiguration is logged as an error but it doesn't prevent the node from starting.
```
